# Transitions
!> This documentation is not complete, since I am not sure how to organize it yet.

`AnimatorTransitionBase Transition;`  /// Expose the underlying Transition object (from AacFlNewTransitionContinuation).

## Attributes (AacFlTransition : AacFlNewTransitionContinuation)

- `AacFlTransition WithSourceInterruption()` /// Set interruption source to be Source. // FIXME: Clunky interface.
- `AacFlTransition WithTransitionDurationSeconds(float transitionDuration)` /// Set a fixed transition duration in seconds.
- `AacFlTransition WithTransitionDurationPercent(float transitionDurationNormalized)` /// Set a non-fixed transition duration in a normalized amount. // FIXME: Percent is a misnomer.
- `AacFlTransition WithOrderedInterruption()` /// Enable ordered interruption.
- `AacFlTransition WithNoOrderedInterruption()` /// Disable ordered interruption.
- `AacFlTransition WithTransitionToSelf()` /// Enable transition to self.
- `AacFlTransition WithNoTransitionToSelf()` /// Disable transition to self.
- `AacFlTransition AfterAnimationFinishes()` /// Set an exit time at 1, where the animation finishes.
- `AacFlTransition AfterAnimationIsAtLeastAtPercent(float exitTimeNormalized)` /// Set the exit time at a specific normalized amount. // FIXME: Percent is a misnomer.

## Starting Conditions (AacFlNewTransitionContinuation) & (AacFlEntryTransition : AacFlNewTransitionContinuation)

- `AacFlTransitionContinuation When(IAacFlCondition action)` /// Start defining conditions.
- `AacFlMultiTransitionContinuation When(IAacFlOrCondition actionsWithOr)` /// Start defining conditions from a condition which may generate multiple transitions. Any And operator subsequently invoked as a result will apply to all transitions that would be generated by that condition, until the Or operator, if any.
- `AacFlTransitionContinuation When(Action<AacFlTransitionContinuationWithoutOr> actionsWithoutOr)` /// Start defining conditions using a lambda expression that cannot contain Or operators.
- `AacFlTransitionContinuationOnlyOr When(Action<AacFlNewTransitionContinuation> actionsWithOr)` /// Start defining conditions using a lambda expression that can contain Or operators, however the next operator, if any, must be Or.
- `AacFlTransitionContinuation WhenConditions()` /// Provides an handle to start defining conditions using the And operator, for use in loops. The Or operator may be invoked at any point.

## Single-transition continuation (AacFlTransitionContinuation : AacFlTransitionContinuationAbstractWithOr)
- `AacFlTransitionContinuation And(IAacFlCondition action)` /// Add another condition to this transition. A transition requires all of its conditions to pass.
- `AacFlTransitionContinuation And(Action<AacFlTransitionContinuationWithoutOr> actionsWithoutOr)` /// Add another condition to this transition. A transition requires all of its conditions to pass.
- `AacFlTransitionContinuation WithName(string name)` /// Set the name of the transition. This also is sometimes reffered to as the tag of the transition. Some animator controller editors may color transitions based on their name.

## Multi-transition continuation (AacFlMultiTransitionContinuation : AacFlTransitionContinuationAbstractWithOr)
- `AacFlMultiTransitionContinuation And(IAacFlCondition action)` /// Add another condition to all of the transitions generated by the previous conditions since the last When operator invocation. A transition requires all of its conditions to pass.
- `AacFlMultiTransitionContinuation And(Action<AacFlTransitionContinuationWithoutOr> actionsWithoutOr)` /// Add another condition to all of the transitions generated by the previous conditions since the last When operator invocation. A transition requires all of its conditions to pass.

## Continuation (AacFlTransitionContinuationAbstractWithOr)
- `AacFlNewTransitionContinuation Or()` /// Creates a single new transition, copying the attributes of the one this was invoked on. This has no conditions yet, so invoking a When operator immediately after this is expected here.

## Continuation wihtout Or (AacFlTransitionContinuationWithoutOr)
- `AacFlTransitionContinuationWithoutOr And(IAacFlCondition action)` /// Add another condition to this transition. A transition requires all of its conditions to pass.
- `AacFlTransitionContinuationWithoutOr AndWhenever(Action<AacFlTransitionContinuationWithoutOr> action)` /// Add additional conditions using a lambda expression that cannot contain Or operators. A transition requires all of its conditions to pass.
